Improve docs (#2068)
gardenlinux/gardenlinux: README.md

  - Major virtualizer VMware, OpenStack, KVM
  - Bare-metal systems

# Build

The build system utilises the [gardenlinux/builder](https://github.com/gardenlinux/builder) to create customized Linux distributions.
[gardenlinux/gardenlinux](https://github.com/gardenlinux/gardenlinux) is maintained by the Garden Linux team, highlighting specialized "features" available for other projects.

> For further information about the build process, refer to [docs/01_developers/build_images.md](link_to_build_docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information about the build process, refer to [the Build Image documentation page](docs/01_developers/build_image.md).
```
